hello and I thought it was the ju souza nipple
and are the teacher of the fairy school
where we teach crafts in and see
and also I like to I like to teach
So we settled on the school of
make a bonus for you and
Come on with this bonus we'll film and
you can if you like
subscribe to a comment below this
video your email your name your email
that we will send you the molds
Good. Let's start doing this.
macaggi we're going to do theft because
month of May - nor of mothers months away and
everybody likes flowers at that time
so here I have the already cut mold
right of the page mark
I'm going to need the tourists petals.
receives in the mold and has two forms of
mount this brand page and I go
to explain to you we also have
and the leaves are for this we'll use
an iron or iron or that seal
Smells like what you guys usually wear
we do not use modelers to value
also the scorer
the goleador I usually use to that because
He is dino heavy and helps me
because I have no strength in my hand then
he does better he volleys better but
you can buy biscuit
I wanted that if the UN comes from playing games and leaving
more in quetta and we will also use a
glue and that we'll make myself
I'm going to vote first on the yellow flower.
the yellow flower she needs a key
big and two small so I go
take the hexa there
This is how I got here.
the wooden flannel flag
I took a piece of foam board
same size
put the foam in my hand and cover with
paper has to be cotton fabric
Because how hot it will be if you
use polyester
it can ruin not only send more
tissue can burn just to not stay
appearing the wood I put the interest
Dinho that was underneath exeter good there
so we'll warm up first, I'll go
warm up to the great I warm
two petals
I bring her here she even does the
enroladinho and down here and I sink
Now you can make two more stones in the
Legs that want us can do more
but in this great I put her so
I come with this bigger ball of this
ac play and there are five then one
I could have done all three of this
here is zero and I bent so petals to
low
done this here I have to see the name
flax only a part of my link is what
gives pull even in the iron and go with the
smaller ball to do this as I go
Lift you to see how it looks
when I down
so I made this stone
Now I'm going to make the little one
little tiny
How very small and fast I go?
around here at once
I'll put it here if she stays.
before I join before I
to finish thrashing she does not know how I
I'll wait to dry for you.
if I were to debut it would be
Cool, it's okay, you're welcome.
is an athlete who needs and done it
I come by the name of the linen
You saw that I came with the petals.
outside that is not to warp this
I do what I did the same size
the ball because I will fit this
petal here
It's but after that I'm going to do it now.
Worldwide
the other one I'm going to warm up but I need
heat it well